.TH HW-MANAGEMENT.SH "1" "September 2025" "hw-management.sh " "User Commands"
.SH NAME
hw-management.sh \- Chassis management for NVIDIA systems
.SH SYNOPSIS
NVIDIA hw-management package uses a virtual file system provided by the Linux kernel
called sysfs.
The sysfs file system enumerates the devices and buses attached to the system in a file
system hierarchy that can be accessed from the user space.
The major advantage of working with sysfs is that it makes HW hierarchy easy to understand
and control without having to learn about HW component location and the buses through
which they are connected.
.TP
Usage:
.B hw-management.sh
[\fI\,Options\/\fR]
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
start
Start hw\-management service, supposed to be
activated at initialization by system service
control.
.TP
stop
Stop hw\-management service, supposed to be
activated at system shutdown by system service
control.
.TP
chipup
Manual activation of ASIC I2C driver.
.TP
chipdown
Manual de\-activation of ASIC I2C driver.
.TP
chipupen
Set 'chipup_dis' attribute to zero.
.TP
chipupdis [n]
Set 'chipup_dis' attribute to n (default: 1 if n not specified)
.TP
thermsuspend
Suspend thermal control (if thermal control is
activated by hw\-management package).
Not relevant for users who disable hw\-management
thermal control.
.TP
thermresume
Resume thermal control.
Not relevant for users who disable hw\-management
thermal control.
.TP
restart
force\-reload    Performs hw\-management 'stop' and then 'start'.
.TP
reset\-cause     Output system reset cause.
.SH THERMAL CONTROL SERVICE
The hw\-management package includes a separate thermal control service
(hw\-management\-tc.service) that runs independently from the main
hw\-management service. This service provides advanced thermal control
algorithms and monitoring capabilities.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBhw-management.service\fR(8)
\fBhw-management-tc.service\fR(8)
